Gambling has changed. It used to be
you'd lose your money on slots in Vegas.
But today, not only can you do that, you
can also bet on your favorite sports
team, on the opening coin toss, on this
individual pitch, or on all three in a
parlay. You can do it from your phone,
your tablet, your Apple Watch. You don't
just have to gamble on sports. You can
gamble on esports, on video game items,
on slots with those items. You can do it
in Roblox or on regular stocks, on meme
stocks. Gamble with calls. Gamble on
earning calls. Gamble on calls with
earning calls. You can gamble on
political events, world events. You can
bet if Solinski is going to wear a suit
before July, if Jerome Pal is going to
say inflation 50 or 60 times in
September, you don't just have to gamble
on that. You can gamble on cryptocoins,
Trumpcoin, Dogecoin, Farcoin. You can
gamble on the champion of Farcoin. Hey,
you can gamble on any of the posts the
champion of Farcoin has ever made on
whether they will become popular or not.
And if none of that's your cup of tea,
you can also just gamble directly within
your banking app on a game of roulette
like a gentleman. And don't even get me
started on the ads. You turn on sports,
esports, podcasts. Not even my favorite
political show is safe.
>> Shout out to Prize Picks, the best app
to fire on sports in the game.
>> You will be bombarded with gambling ads
by every famous person you've ever heard
of.
>> DraftKings.
>> Draft King.
>> DraftKings. DraftKings Sports Book.
>> DraftKings Sports Book.
>> Uh-oh. How did we get here? And is it a
good thing that we're turning every
spare moment of our lives into a game of
chance?
I'm betting no.
[Music]
[Applause]
There are three things responsible for
gambling becoming more mainstream. But
the first and biggest trend is simply
the mainstream becoming more like
gambling. See, Silicon Valley learned a
decade ago that gambling mechanics are
incredibly good for user retention. So,
they put them everywhere. Let's say
you're shopping online. Well, now you
can spin a wheel to unlock prizes. Or if
you're playing video games, you can open
a loot box, get some randomized items.
You can even use those items as virtual
currency in a casino we've made a
three-part series about. Or maybe you
don't have a problem with loot boxes for
adults, but we've also put them in kids
video games cuz you know, got to start
them young. Roblox is the largest game
for minors and they are stuffed with
randomized loot boxes. But even if
that's fine for you, what about the
third party websites which against toos
allow full gambling based on a kids
game. And yes, there are actual kids
gambling on these apps.
>> Right. Uh I just won a bit of profit
there. I had 200 Robux. No, I had 200
Robux in profit and 100 Robux in profit,
but I lost them or I had 50 Robux and I
lost it and I thought I got 50 Robux
again. So, on this mine on Roblox, what
I'm going to do is buy uh 40 crates now.
No, not 40 crates, but like four like 44
crates. Uh
that looks ridiculous.
Let's go.
>> Let's go. Win profit. Let's go.
>> It is absolutely disgusting to see that.
Look, I spoke to an insider who worked
on this website, Roblox Wild, before it
got shut down. He shared data which
claimed they made $5,000 a day or
roughly $2 million a year. Thankfully,
this website got shut down, but
third-party gambling sites still persist
because copying casinos makes a ton of
money, and that's why we've been putting
it into everything, including our
politics. Prediction markets are the
answer to the question of what if we
could yolo on election results and world
events. The biggest websites are Poly
Market and Kchi, which have exploded in
popularity during the American election
cycle. But it isn't just major events
that attract betters. I was recently
asked to investigate whether this was a
suit that Zalinsky was wearing. Why?
Well, the prediction market had bet $200
million in betting volume on this bet.
And some of them were really mad that
they decided no, this this is not a
suit. I guess whether you think it is or
not, the volume of betting here is
insane. And one reason for that is
because these companies are exploiting
loopholes that allow betting even in
states where normal gambling is illegal.
because these companies say they're not
a casino, so they don't fall under the
same rules. Which is why instead of
having to be 21, you can now gamble at
18 on prediction markets. And while
there have been legal challenges to
this, both of the major companies, KHI
and Poly Market, have recently brought
on the president's son as an adviser,
making it hard to see how they're going
to be meaningfully regulated. Meanwhile,
all the major betting apps are busy
launching their own prediction market
copycats to get around the same weak
rules that we still have regarding
betting. And don't even get me started
on the other loopholes that are out
there. Have you ever heard of the tick-
tock of sports wagering?
>> This is Cheddar. We're building the tick
tock of sports wagering.
Legal in 20 more states than draft
kings. Accessible for 18 to 21 year
olds. Live in game. Micro betting. Swipe
to predict every moment of every play.
>> Uh, I'm going to stop you right there.
If you missed it, Cheddar is a new
startup trying to combine DraftKings,
Tik Tok, and Tinder features into one
app. And one of the things they brag
about is they're allowing 18 to 21 year
olds as a competitive edge. Guys, can
you believe the untapped market of
teenagers for gambling? Now, to be fair,
Cheddar has not launched yet, but this
is obviously the future we're heading
towards. Turning everything into a
maximally addictive gambling product.
>> It's sports wagering with the pace of a
slot machine.
>> Yeah. Uh, isn't that the most dystopian
thing you've ever heard? We're trying to
turn sports betting into slot machines.
I mean, the funny thing is this whole
product is built around yet another
loophole called a sweepstakes casino.
And that's how they get around the
21-year-old age requirement. Here's how
it basically works. Sweepsticks casinos
claim that you don't actually need to
purchase anything to play. So, it's kind
of not gambling. In fact, you can get
free coins to access their games, but
they also have a second currency which
you can buy. Well, not buy. You get it
for free when you buy the worthless
coins. For example, their website says
if you buy a 100 Cheddar coins, you get
five bonus Cheddar cash. And that's
usually what you can gamble with and
redeem for real money. This is actually
how Stake US works. If you didn't know,
Stake International is one of the
world's largest casinos, but they aren't
allowed here in the United States. So,
they have an American arm, which is a
sweep stakes casino, which has gold
coins and stake cash. One Redditor
explains how the loophole really works.
Quote, "One stake cash is one USD. They
only use gold coins because they need to
say that you aren't gambling with real
money to stay open in the US. Except, of
course, you are actually gambling with
real money. They just have a virtual
currency workaround which basically
everyone has figured out. Some casinos
are just kind of more honest about it
than others. Cheddar's basically saying
the quiet part out loud. They're going
after 18 to 21 year olds with Tik Tok,
Tinder, sports betting at the pace of
slots. And by the way, people are
betting on their success. They're
actually in a cohort of startups
invested in by a Silicon Valley
investment firm called A16Z. But if you
think that's a bad idea, now let's talk
about banks and gambling. I recently
made a video on Yata, which was a
fintech, which is a complicated story.
We've done a ton of work on here and
here. But basically, the original pitch
was a no- lose lottery, which gified
savings. Lots of YouTubers work with
them, and they acted like a bank, at
least at first, until they switched
their new business model to be about
allowing you to gamble inside the app
and lose money, essentially becoming a
casino within what is essentially a bank
account. Now, I should actually note
that Yata recently shut down the banking
side and have fully focused on the sweep
stakes casino part. I guess it's a more
profitable business, but it's a sign of
the times that everyone is moving their
app more towards gambling and finance is
going the same way. On August 19th,
2025, the investing app Robin Hood
announced they are bringing sports
betting prediction markets to their app.
In the announcement, the vice president
of Robin Hood claimed sports betting was
a quote no-brainer. as we aim to make
Robin Hood a one-stop shop for all your
investing and trading needs. Aka, we
noticed people were leaving to other
apps. We don't like that. We'd like you
to never leave our app. Now, ironically,
the very next day, FanDuel, a sports
betting app, announced they were
bringing stock market betting to their
customers. But I will ask you about what
some call the gamification
of markets. Why this move? Why FanDuel?
Why now? for us to have a partner like
FanDuel and be able to have 14 million
accounts on day one. I'm not becoming a
casino. Contrary to popular opinion, I
didn't buy a casino. These are markets
that will be offered to the general
public and we think it's massively
exciting of what it could do. And you
couldn't have a more perfect image of
how finance is embracing the casinos and
vice versa. Actually, correction, you
can have a more perfect image because
after I wrote this, the New York Stock
Exchang's owner invested $2 billion into
Poly Market. So, actually, this is the
perfect image of where we are. And a
result is a lot of young people now see
the stock market as kind of more like a
betting market. The most popular group
on Reddit is Personal Finance with about
21 million followers. In second place,
Wall Street Bets, where gambling on the
stock market is embraced and celebrated.
It grew the most during the meme stock
craze of 2020, which shifted how some
people thought about investing instead
of being driven by earnings, prices, or
fundamentals. People gambled on memes,
attention, and vibes. People are chasing
bigger returns and taking on bigger
risks to do so. One measure of this is
the amount of debt people are taking out
to invest. Margin debt is at an all-time
high of a trillion dollars, which even
on an inflationadjusted basis is near
all-time highs and up 5x over the last
few decades. Not only that, the rapid
growth of zeroday options by retail
traders is also a telltale sign. It's
grown 5x in volume over 5 years, showing
that people are trying to gamble more.
Zero day options are the stock trader
equivalent of red or black at the
casino. Fast action, massive wins or
losses on a single day. But if the stock
market is America's casino, then
memecoins are basically the back alley
bookie who will break your legs. Bigger
price swings, faster action. And
memecoins are even more degenerate than
meme stocks and pump and dump usually
within a single day. Among the people
who trade these, pump.fun is the leading
destination as the one-click launchpad.
Anyone can make a memecoin in seconds.
And there is no value in it other than
the expectation that someone might be
more foolish than you and buy at a
higher price than you did. And of
course, Pump. Fun is happy to take a cut
and make most of the money. Most traders
will lose, but now you can also get a
cut if you're a content creator who
pushes one of these coins. We've seen
the same thing from launchpads like
Meteora. They allow creators to have a
split of some of the trading fees and it
kind of democratizes the grift. Now,
anyone can farm their followers and fans
for money. You don't have to be
particularly sophisticated. And that's
actually how Trump made millions of
dollars in fees with Trump Memecoin
without ever selling. He just farmed the
fees. And to be clear, this money
doesn't magically appear. It's being
siphoned away from regular people who
mostly lose. It creates a sad ecosystem
where most creators are racing to the
bottom for attention to get their
audiences to pump their worthless coins,
leading to a predictable spiral where
most are scamming, rage baiting, or
otherwise trying to shock each other
into becoming the biggest grift of the
day.
>> Got drained.
>> Thanks for the 20.
>> It's ripping.
>> What?
[Music]
If you've ever heard of a zero sum game
where someone has to win for the other
one to lose, meme coins are negative sum
because of all the trading fees. Most
people by definition will lose. The real
winner, of course, is pump.f fun and
people pushing it. According to one
analysis, they've generated revenues of
over $800 million for themselves. While
almost none of the traders have made
significant profits, according to one
analysis, 04% of all traders will ever
make over $10,000. So almost no one. And
look, the reason we're going through all
of this is to explain the many ways that
gambling is no longer just about slots,
cards, brickandmortar, casinos. We've
injected it into every conceivable
aspect of our lives. And that has two
effects. One, it's inescapable. You
cannot avoid gambling by avoiding Vegas
anymore. It's literally everywhere. And
then two, it's also harder to understand
and study because most researchers are
studying like casinos, sports betting,
but so much of gambling is not that
anymore. So, as we get to the numbers of
this stuff, remember everything's going
to be an undercount. But it is still
important to talk about those casinos
and that's where we're going to shift
now. Starting with the biggest trend
that has happened for these casinos and
number two on our reason, which is
sports gambling becoming legalized.
Rewind the clocks for a second. back to
2018 when the Supreme Court overturned a
federal ban. At the time, basically you
could only sports bet in Nevada. But
after this, you can see in a few years
we completely flipped on the issue. Most
states now allow sports betting. And
along with that, the advertising budgets
for these companies is absolutely
enormous. DraftKings, FanDuel, Underdog,
Prize Picks, they've spent hundreds of
millions of dollars getting celebrities
and influencers to push their product
every year. And man, has it worked. As
I'm writing this, the number one sports
app on the app store is not sports. It's
not ESPN. ESPN and the NFL are second
and third. The number one sports app is
actually DraftKings. And in the top 10,
half of those apps are sports betting,
which is insane. There are two reasons
for this. Obviously, one, hundreds of
millions in advertising, but the second
is what are called inducements, which is
when these apps will incentivize players
to download them and place a bet.
sometimes literally offering what seems
like free money.
>> It's got an NFL offer.
>> Don't play with me.
>> You just turned $5 into $150 in bonus
bets.
>> New customers bet $5, get 300 in bonus
bets if you win.
>> New customers get risk-free bets up to
$2,000.
>> Now look, the reason casinos do this is
kind of obvious. If they can make you
place one bet, they're more likely to
place the second, third, and hundth. But
even setting aside the fine print of
these weird offers, does it not strike
anyone else as weird that we're allowing
gambling companies to give away free
stuff? Imagine the cigarette industry
told you, you know, buy your first pack,
get 50 free packs free to get you
started. Imagine Budweiser said,
"Shotgun one, they'll send you a case
for fun." It's insane. And yet, that's
exactly what these sports betting apps
are doing. It's the lifeblood of how
they get new players. And once you're
in, these apps will also cater to their
biggest players, biggest losers, called
VIPs. They will send them gifts as they
spend their life savings. And there have
been multiple lawsuits actually about
this. And to make it worse, if you do
the opposite and you actually win too
much on these apps, they will try to
limit your betting as one investigation
found. If you show any real ability to
effectively handicap a game and beat the
sports book, they will limit your bets
and essentially kick you out of the
sports book. They will not let you win.
>> Can you talk to me a little bit about
how sports books treat you once you
start winning?
>> They don't want to accept your bets.
>> Yeah. It turns out that casinos actually
hate the exact player that's featured in
all of their advertisements, the guy who
actually wins too much money, which is
actually so crooked when you think about
it that if you're one of the few people
who achieved what they're promoting,
they actually don't want you. Now, as I
was writing this story, another massive
scandal actually broke in the sports
betting world, which is even more
corrupt than not allowing winners. But
as you now know, individuals such as
Chanty Bilips, Damon Jones, and Terry
Rosier were taken into custody today.
Former current NBA players and coaches.
What you don't know is that this is an
illegal gambling operation and sports
rigging operation that spanned the
course of years. That's right. The FBI
just exposed a massive sports rigging
scheme that was using these apps to win
money on rigged basketball games. One
example of this was March 23rd, 2023
when an NBA player, Terry Rosier, told a
friend ahead of time that he was going
to go out early on a foot injury. And so
that night, $200,000 in bets were placed
on his underperformance because no one
else knew that he was injured. And a few
minutes after Terry kind of limping
around, he left the game and the bets
paid off. A few days later, Terry Rosier
and his friend allegedly counted the
money at his house from the fraudulent
wagering scheme. And this was one of
several rigged games the FBI alleged.
But the media was quick to point out
this isn't even the first time someone
was caught doing something like this.
>> Jonte Porter, who played for the Toronto
Raptors, has already pled guilty. He's
already plead guilty. He's awaiting
sentencing for doing just what Roier and
Jones are accused of. So this train has
already left the station, Laura. And I
have to tell you, when Jeff Teague, NBA
player, says, "Oh, there's betting
everywhere." It is everywhere. I've done
ads for DraftKings. LeBron James has
done ads for DraftKings. In fact, ESPN
when they were reporting this story this
morning. They're having programming,
people talking just like you and me
talking about this scandal on the press
conference the FBI was giving. And
underneath them on the ticker was an ad
for ESPN Bet, which is ESPN's own sports
book.
>> Yeah. The irony of all of this is that
the same people who condemn illegal
betting going on are simultaneously
pushing the sports books which create
the opportunity. And at some point, the
producers on ESPN actually noticed it.
And see if you can spot the moment they
try to fix the sports book ad in the
corner.
>> You hear a lot about legal sports
gambling on this show. The bus and boys.
Obviously, sports gambling is a huge
part of what you do. So, we put those
all out there as a preamble because it
might be in the back of people's minds
and we acknowledge that this is a
different time and place. However, there
is a fine line, not so fine, there is a
bold line that obviously has to be
drawn.
>> Well, that's a little awkward. you're
actually supposed to remove the ad for
sports betting before talking about
sports rigging. And honestly, we've only
hit the tip of the iceberg here because
we've since learned these professional
leagues are useless at catching this
stuff. Turns out the NBA already
investigated Terry Rosier before the FBI
indictment for that exact game. And they
cleared him because the NBA commissioner
said there was insufficient evidence.
ultimately concluded that there was
insufficient evidence despite that
aberational behavior to move forward.
>> Right? So even with aberational
activity, they had the right game, the
right guy, and the NBA couldn't find
enough evidence. I mean, the more money
that goes into sports betting, the more
this will be a problem. And the leagues
are clearly not equipped to handle it.
But people just look the other way
because the money's too good. And I want
to now address the size of these betting
markets because they're absolutely
enormous in ways most people don't
understand. And to get our heads around
it, we're going to look at some survey
numbers. One study estimates that 22% of
all Americans and almost half of men my
age have an online sports betting
account. Another estimates that one in
four people have placed a bet on sports
and one in five have placed a bet in the
last year. Like with all surveys,
there's margins of error here, but the
data mostly agrees. Sports betting is
very widespread and extremely popular
among young men. And for the ones who
get addicted, it's financially
devastating. One recent study looked at
Americans finances before and after
sports betting was legalized by their
state. They found that bankruptcy rates
rise approximately 10% after
legalization. Another paper looked at
financial stability, noting that for
households that do bet, they spend on
average about $720 a year sports
betting. And the study found that for
every dollar someone deposits for
betting, there's a reduction in net
investments of just under a dollar. As
people gamble more, they invest less,
which means their financial future is
worse. Makes sense. But this is
especially true of problem gamblers or
gambling addicts. To be clear, this is
not something that affects all gamblers.
Roughly 1% of the world population
suffers from this. It's more common
among people who bet regularly and bet
online. Two of the things that sports
gambling encourages. Problem gambling
completely obliterates people's finances
and affects more than just the gambler
because as they beg, borrow, or steal to
continue their addiction, they affect
everyone around them. And I do mean
steal. Roughly half of gambling addicts
will commit a crime. And most of those
crimes are to continue gambling, often
leading to a spiral where the addict
doesn't see a way out, which is why
problem gambling has one of the highest
suicide rates of any substance
addictions. Full stop.
I don't get it. You know none of this
matters, right?
>> Yeah.
>> You've tried this before with Rubet CS2
and it did nothing.
>> Yep.
>> No, literally. I mean nothing. Absolute
silence. All the moralizing, the
anti-gambling.
You're wasting your time.
>> Yeah.
[Music]
Let me tell you a story. A year ago, I
was offered $20,000 to do a video by
casino. Now, I said no and made a whole
series about it. But what I didn't tell
you is that later, I was offered a
million to cover my legal fees in an
ongoing case. Now, this was offered by a
person who said they wanted to remain
anonymous. No strings attached. Very
nice person. They said they wanted to
just help out. Sounds great. But then I
found out the money was coming from a
sports betting company. They were one of
the top people and that's obviously a
dilemma for me. I am publicly against
gambling. And here this person's kind of
privately telling me, well, gambling can
pretty much solve all my problems. Pay
my legal fees. You know, they're telling
me, oh, their company's regulated. It's
fine. It's above board. Ultimately, I
had to say no. Thank you for the offer.
But, you know, in my head, there's no
such thing as a million dollars, no
strings attached. And, you know,
obviously, I also can't take a million
dollars from a sports betting company
and then go make a video criticizing
sports betting. But, it gave me pause
and kind of gave me an aha moment that I
was missing before where I started to
understand exactly how screwed we are.
And this goes into our third reason.
Gambling is winning. The casual way
these casinos can throw around
life-changing money for any normal
person is why the data will never fix
this. It's why having enough sad facts
about addicts or interviewing people
whose lives were ruined will not change
things. Believe me, I've done it and
it's never move the needle. To be
honest, it's not even debatable that
gambling is kind of bad for most people
and life destroying for a few. Even the
industry kind of admits that. But the
reason gambling is everywhere in spite
of that is there is too much money in
the game benefiting the people that make
the final decisions, right? Think about
the states with tax revenue, the casino
profits, the influencer payouts. There's
a small group that gambling is
incredible for. So incredible it
basically defies logic. I'm talking
billions of dollars in profits. And if
you want to understand why gambling is
everywhere, you can't just look at the
statistics. You have to look at the
money. And I want to show you exactly
how this works with an example. This is
Matthew. He's better known online as
Nateot. And recently he took a gambling
deal with an offshore crypto casino. And
when he first talks about the deal, I
want you to notice it's a little
strange. He almost seems hesitant. Boys,
we just partnered with Rubet. And before
I say anything,
don't gamble. Okay? You will lose. I
promise you, you're going to lose. But
that's why I partnered with Rubet so
they can pay me to gamble. So even when
I lose,
I'm still going to lose.
>> Yeah, it's pretty weird to hear someone
say, "Don't gamble, guys." while
announcing a partnership with a gambling
company. Nate shot implies that he may
lose money, but in fact, he later admits
that it's the most money he's ever been
paid. This is the biggest partnership
that I've had in my entire career. No,
instead I think the hesitancy, the
weirdness of this video is because
Nateshot knows pushing gambling is kind
of bad for people. He said so in a
podcast a couple years ago. I definitely
think that people streaming on Twitch
all the crypto betting certainly
incentivizes younger kids to be more
interested in crypto gambling. I know
personally people that should not have
been gambling online, but because it's
so easy to gamble with crypto, they did
it when they could not afford to do it
and it has not worked out well for them.
Right? Made shot knows personally it's
bad. But for the reason why he's doing
it anyways, just fast forward 2 minutes
in the podcast and we find out because
the host asks, you know, a hypothetical.
What if someone offered Nadeshot $100
million to promote gambling? And well,
let's just say his tone changed.
>> I ain't turning down $100 million, bro.
You got me [__] up, brother. I'll go
on there and I will crypto gamble 247,
dude. At that point, man, it's the
parents fault. Hey, I'm just working
over here. You're going to pay me more
than LeBron. Brother, I would be
lighting up cash on fire gambling
crypto. I would sell my soul for 100 m.
Are you [__] kidding me, dude?
>> We should clip this. We should sell
this.
I won't sleep. I will be your workhorse.
You want me to pump blue shoes and
crypto gambling? I will do it all.
>> You got me [__] up. Them kids, dude.
[__] them kids. Look, I'm just going to
say you can say he's wrong for saying
that. He's a bad person for saying that.
But the reality is this is why gambling
is winning. The casinos have so much
money. They are buying people's souls.
Even people who kind of admit gambling
is kind of bad put enough money on the
table and Nate shot says, "Hey, [__]
them kids." And by the way, speaking of
[__] them kids, let's talk about Drake
W's in the shot.
>> It isn't just streamers or influencers
taking deals. It's the biggest rapper on
the planet. He signed a reported $100
million deal recently with Stake, the
crypto casino, which is wild. There's
really no endorsement deals like that
anywhere else that hit those kind of
numbers. And just like Nadeshot, Drake
wants you to know that uh you know, even
though he's taking the money, gambling
isn't for everyone. Recently, he posted
an $8 million loss, saying, "Got to
share the other side of gambling." Now,
maybe some of you think that's brave,
but to me, I see that and go, Drake,
that is the only side of gambling for
most people. If any normal person lost
$8 million, their life is over and their
legs are broken. You're the only one
with another side to this whole thing
where to be clear that other side is
reportedly getting paid $100 million.
And to be clear, like it's a lot of
people taking these deals. I'm not
trying to single anyone out, you know?
Let's also take Kevin Hart, right? One
of the world's smallest comedians. He
pushes DraftKings. And this one I find
really bizarre.
>> Do me a favor, man. Go to the DraftKings
app. Look at what I'm betting on. Look
at why I'm betting on. Place your bets.
All the action is here. DraftKings.
Kevin Hart.
>> I'm not even gonna ask why Kevin needs
you to get on DraftKings and bet. Like,
the fact is he's worth a reported $450
million. But the real thing I find so
gross about this is that Kevin Hart has
gone on podcasts and talked about the
need for financial literacy. You know,
he talked about this on Joe Rogan.
>> The biggest problem within our community
is knowledge. We don't know. Debt, debt
is welcomed because it's celebrated.
That's all we know. The knowledge isn't
given. So, it's not till you obtain that
knowledge and understanding that you go,
"Oh,
oh, this is why you put money up. This
is how you increase versus decrease. Oh,
this is how you earn on your money. Oh,
wow. I can gain wealth by investing in
what the stock world is. What? How many
people partake in the stock world? And
is there a part that isn't necessarily
gambling? Is there a lowrisk part? These
this not the information isn't there.
Yeah. Uh Kev, maybe the information
isn't there on the stock market part,
which isn't gambling, because you're too
busy telling them about actual gambling.
Understand that Kevin Hart is not just a
guy who sometimes talks about it on
podcasts either. He has a whole
partnership, an actual partnership with
Chase Bank where they ran a campaign to
improve financial literacy. But then
Kevin goes on the side and he's pushing
DraftKings which prays on people's
financial illiteracy. And while we're
talking about small comedians with big
bank accounts, let's talk about Joe
Rogan, too. And listen, I'm not trying
to be high and mighty with all this
stuff. I know it sounds a bit like that,
but believe me, I am eye level with
these guys, okay? I'm very short, too.
You can't tell behind the $10 million
studio desk, but no offense is intended
here. We got to discuss though how the
biggest comedians in the world, biggest,
smallest comedians are pushing draft
games. Didn't Joe get a $250 million
deal from Spotify. I didn't realize
before this video like how many gambling
ads he has been running recently? In the
month of September alone, there were 11
DraftKing ads in 14 videos. And with Joe
especially, it's weird because he's the
guy who rants against big pharma's
manipulative advertising.
>> If you can advertise, you can manipulate
people and change their opinion based on
theatrics.
>> So many
everyone gets a free bet. We all want to
win, right? Let's win together. You know
what to do.
>> You have music and people dancing and
holding hands and spinning around in a
wheat field. Like that is so
manipulative. And we are subject to
manipulation. And when it's something
that is so important, like making
critical health decisions, there's so
many of these [__] commercials, like
so many times I'm watching television.
I'm like, how many goddamn drug
commercials are there? By the way, I
agree with them. We are being
manipulated. But change a few words from
that rant. You could say the exact same
thing about how gambling is pushed.
Casinos are also manipulative. They
don't advertise the actual reality where
people lose. Instead, they say things
like winning, cashing in, opportunity,
and Joe Rogan's a part of that.
>> Every game is another chance to cash in.
Don't just watch the action, win with
it. Every snap is loaded with
opportunity. That is just as
manipulative as pharma ads pushing pills
that may end up addicting you. In both
cases, the collateral damage are the
addicts we created along the way. And I
guess I have to ask, maybe people think,
"Oh, one's worse than the other." Is
there that much of a difference between
a drug addict and a gambling addict? No,
really. I'm asking.
>> It's like if you see the drug addict,
you see him, he's shooting up or
whatever it is, and you see him
fainting, you go, "Ah, that poor
bastard." But when you see a guy who's
fully in the grips of gambling, trying
to figure out how to make get his money
back, and he's all jazzed up with
adrenaline. He doesn't understand why.
It's just like cocaine. It's just like a
drug abuse. It's just like the opiate
problem. It's just like anything else.
It could. You and I both know people who
have lost their lives gambling. Okay?
You've seen people in pool halls. You
see how they get Joe Rogan? There's no
difference in the drug addict and the
gambling addict. Not at all. No
difference.
>> So there is no difference.
>> Then why do we shake our head at the
Sackler family and pharmaceutical execs
who push pills that ruin people's lives,
but somehow nobody cares? We're doing a
very similar thing with gambling. At
every level of society, we are shoving
this down people's throats. And it's not
that I mind if people gamble
individually, but we are pushing it on
people who otherwise would not have done
it because everything is gambling now.
From sports to entertainment to
investing, it is totally inescapable.
And we're moving the casino from Vegas
directly into people's pockets
connecting to their bank accounts. I
don't know exactly how this is going to
end, but it doesn't take a genius to see
where it's going to lead. Gambling is
going to be a much larger problem for
people and especially young men. And the
saddest part is there's no amount of
data or facts that I can give you that's
going to stop that. There's just too
much money at stake.
Hey, come back to the bar and let me fix
you a drink. The weather isn't changing
anytime soon.
>> You know, all it would take is basic
advertising rules or legislative change
to put a stop to half of this stuff.
That's the thing. Money makes the world
move. Coffee. And the people who write
the rules like them just the way they
are.
>> Do you really think it's worth all of
this though? Like just for a little more
money.
>> Hey, you said it yourself, didn't you?
It's not just a little money. It's a lot
more money. If people would sell their
soul for $100 million, well, imagine
what they do for billions.
You know, maybe it is time for that
drink.
[Music]
>> You're going to tip this time, right?
la.
[Music]
Ooh.